Salesforce 10 User Guide (#576)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce/salesforce-connector-100-studio.adoc

** *Replay channel listener* - Subscribe to a streaming channel. This trigger provides channel-related notification settings for new events and events stored by Salesforce within the 24-hour retention period. Events that take place in the specified channel trigger the flow.
+
NOTE: A channel or topic must be published to Salesforce before a subscription to the channel can be created.
+
** *Replay topic listener* - Subscribe to a topic. This trigger provides topic-related notification settings for new events and events stored by Salesforce within the 24-hour retention period. Events that take place on records in the specified topic trigger the flow.
** *Subscribe channel listener* - Subscribe to a streaming channel. This trigger provides channel-related notification settings for new events that take place after you subscribe.
** *Subscribe topic listener* - Subscribe to a topic. This trigger provides topic-related notification settings for new events that take place after you subscribe.
+

> IMPORTANT: For the *On New Object* and *On Modified Object* operations, specify a UTC value in the *Since* field. If the server is in a different time zone, you must specify a value for the *Since* field; if the *Since* field is left empty, the connector takes the local timestamp. As servers are in datacenters located generally elsewhere from one's location, use of the *Since* field is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: For the *On New Object* and *On Modified Object* operations, you must specify a UTC value in the *Since* field if the server is in a different time zone. If the *Since* field is empty, the connector uses the local timestamp. Specifying a value in the *Since* field is recommended, as servers in datacenters are often located elsewhere from one's location.
```

+
. Click the operation.
. Click the green plus sign to the right of *Connector Configuration*.

> . In the Connection field choose one of the following connection types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the **Connection** field choose one of the following connection types:
```

+
** <<Basic Authentication>>
** <<OAuth 2.0>>
** <<OAuth JWT>>
** <<OAuth SAML>>
** <<OAuth Username Password>>
+
. For each of the connection choices, you can set optional proxy values:
+

> ** *Host* - Host name of the proxy server.

Reviewer: No periods on list items

* *Listener config* (required): Configuration for the listener, for example, `HTTP_Listener_config`.
* *Callback path* (required): Path for the callback, for example, `/callback`.
* *Authorize path* (required): Path for authorization, for example, `/authorize`.
* *External callback url*: Callback URL, for example, `+http://localhost:8085/callback+`.

== OAuth JWT

Important fields:

* *Consumer key* (required): The consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See <<Create a Consumer Key>>.
* *Key store* (required): See <<Generate a Keystore File>>.
* *Store password* (required): The password for the keystore.
* *Principal* (required): The password for the keystore.

== OAuth SAML

Important fields:

* *Consumer key* (required): The consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See <<Create a Consumer Key>>.
* *Key store* (required): See <<Generate a Keystore File>>.
* *Store password* (required): The password for the keystore.
* *Principal* (required) The password for the keystore.

== OAuth Username Password

Important fields:

* *Consumer key* (required): The consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See <<Create a Consumer Key>>.

> * *Consumer secret* (required): The consumer secret for the connector to access Salesforce.

Reviewer: To be parallel:
```suggestion
* *Consumer secret* (required): Enter the consumer secret for the connector to access Salesforce.
```

* *Username* (required): Enter the Salesforce username.
* *Password* (required): Enter the corresponding password.
* *Security token*: Enter the corresponding security token.

[[propvals]]
== Connector Property Values

> The following are four example operations of the many you can set for the Salesforce connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are four example operations of the many you can set for Salesforce Connector.
```

These are the important fields for these example operations:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Operation |Important Fields
|Create a|

* *Type*: Salesforce object type.
* *Records*: Function editor expression.
|Query a|

* *Salesforce query*: Salesforce query to retrieve objects.
* *Parameters*: Values for placeholders in the Salesforce query.
|Update a|

* *Type*:  Salesforce object type.

> * *Records*: Function editor expression to produce a collection of Salesforce objects to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Records*: Function editor expression to produce a collection of Salesforce objects to update.
```

|Delete a|

> * *Records To Delete IDs*: Function editor expression to produce a collection of Salesforce objects to be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Records To Delete IDs*: Function editor expression to produce a collection of Salesforce objects to delete.
```

|===

== Create a Consumer Key

> A consumer key is required when setting up OAuth 2.0 configurations for the Salesforce connector. It is used by the OAuth JWT and SAML bearer configurations and by the OAuth Username Password configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A consumer key is required when setting up OAuth 2.0 configurations for Salesforce Connector. It is used by the OAuth, JWT, and SAML bearer configurations and by the OAuth Username Password configuration.
```

> This procedure provides guidance on using Salesforce to create a consumer key, and explains how to create a connected app in Salesforce. However, the steps might differ somewhat in your Salesforce instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure provides guidance on using Salesforce to create a consumer key and explains how to create a connected app in Salesforce. However, the steps might differ in your Salesforce instance.
```

+
Type this command and press enter:
+
[source]
----
keytool -exportcert -alias salesforce-cert -file salesforce-cert.crt -keystore salesforce-cert.jks
----
+
The system exports the public key from the keystore into the workspace. This is the public key that you need to enter in your Salesforce instance.
+
. Make sure that you have both the keystore (salesforce-cert.jks) and the public key (salesforce-cert.crt) files in your workspace.

== Use Mutual TLS

In v9.7.0 and later, all authentication types support Mutual TLS. To use this you need a keystore file in the JKS format, and a password for it. See <<Generate a Keystore File>> for more information.

Simply specify the path to the keystore file and the password in the configuration window (as shown in the image below) and any user that requires Mutual TLS authentication is able to login using the connector.

image::salesforce/salesforce-100-mutual-tls.png[Mutual TLS]

To set up the Mutual TLS certificate in your Salesforce environment, see https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=security_keys_uploading_mutual_auth_cert.htm&type=5[Set Up a Mutual Authentication Certificate].

[[apexsets]]
== Apex Settings

> You can set Apex REST and SOAP access using Studio or in XML. When you connect to Salesforce, the Salesforce connector gets the names of the Apex classes and methods belonging to them that can be invoked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set Apex REST and SOAP access using Studio or XML. When you connect to Salesforce, the Salesforce connector gets the names of the Apex classes and the corresponding methods that can be invoked.
```

All Salesforce connection configurations support these Apex settings:

> * *Fetch All Apex SOAP Metadata*- Fetches the metadata of all the Apex SOAP classes. Takes precedence over Apex Class Name settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Fetch All Apex SOAP Metadata* - Fetches the metadata of all the Apex SOAP classes. Takes precedence over Apex Class Name settings.
```
